= pastatus

  Pastatus parses output from the command line tool 'passenger-status' and
  records it in a csv file. 'passenger-status' is the tool most people would
  use to check the status of their Ruby on Rails applications that are hosted
  on an Apache/Passenger or Nginx/Passenger server setup.
  The script is most useful when run as a cron job once every couple of minutes 
  to record the health of all applications in your Passenger server.

  The tool...

  * appends data if the file already exists.
  * records NO DATA if there are no applications running.
  * you must have root privileges for the 'passenger-status' tool to run.
  * If you are on a non-linux OS (e.g. Solaris or Windows) or need to run 
    something other than the following to access passenger-status:
    
    sudo passenger-status

    You can edit the call in the file "lib/pastatus/passenger_parser.rb"
    around line 50. (If this proves to be a semi-popular gem, I might 
    fix this later.)

== Example

  This command records the current passenger status to file 'foo.txt'.

    +pastatus foo.txt+

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Bernie Telles. See LICENSE for details.
